No, you can't.
You can't make the law of a state that has all the power in the world.
If you make a bad law, it will be a mistake of the master and it will be a long state.
You can't do that.
It's the re-birth of Daniel.
It's completely Daniel.
You are a brave judge who is not suitable for young people.
Please show me your certificate.
Yes, yes, here it is.
I'll show you while I'm at it.
Chapter 6
I'm saying that I'll make this amount three times more than the amount of the money.
I've made a decree.
I've made a decree to the heaven.
I don't want to be punished for the sacrifice of my soul.
Well, this certificate has already run out of money.
Therefore, the law has the right to cut off a pound of meat from the heart of the merchant.
But, Chiroku, you have to pay for it.
Please accept the three times money and let me have this certificate.
I don't want to pay for it.
You are a great judge and you know the law well.
You have a good interpretation.
I think you are a great judge of the law of the country.
I give you the law.
Please give me your certificate.
I beg you.
I don't want to pay for it.
Please accept the three times money and let me have this certificate.
You are a great judge and you know the law well.
But, the amount of money is more than the purpose of the law.
It is enough to be paid for.
You are right.
You are a good judge.
You are a great judge.
But, the money is not enough.
Please accept the three times money and let me have this certificate.
I have the right to cut off a pound of meat from the heart of the merchant.
Do you read these books?
Can such news be read?
If we stop injury to believe inímbones, why loseamy vision to association.
If we stop injure to believe inimmones, why loseamy vision to association.